Welcome back to the feed integration.
To complete this course, you need an ad account
where you can test and create campaigns in.
I’m going to use my demo account.
Click on the three dots menu next to your
account and then go to your account settings.
Here you want to select “Feeds for Automated
Ads” in the left-hand menu and then click
on “Add Product Feed”.
Give your feed a name in the new window and
enter the feed URL.
For this assignment, we provided the URL in
the briefing.
After a while, Smartly.io should have verified
the feed, and we need to select the format.
Our feed is in CSV format, so we select that.
In the next step, Smartly.io is downloading
the feed, which should only take a few seconds.
And now we need to define the product ID,
which in our case is just the “ID” field.
We’re nearly done, but there’s one more
thing.
Click on “Advanced Mode”.
One critical setting here is the “Update
interval”.
By default, we only update the feed once per
day.
If you’re dealing with something like weather
data, which frequently changes, setting this
to the shortest time frame, “Every hour”,
is recommended.
Now save your settings.
As you can see, the feed is now being downloaded,
and once you reload this page, the feed should
show that it’s parsed successfully and ready
for campaigns.
And it has found 50 products representing
our 50 cities.
Now that the feed is ready to go, we can build
our video templates based on the feed in the
next step.